a couple months ago me and my friend Fat
meme God decided to try to beat every
boss in genjin Impact but the problem is
we sucked oh my
God I'm bur give me the thing no listen
what ever since I saw you kill yourself
what so I decided to see if I can beat
those same bosses even faster but this
time I decided to do with my friend
blaza and nadw so before we fight the
boss we're in the brand new area of G
impact aren't you excited dud look how
bad I am bro oh my God what about me yo
bla does this place kind of remind you
like these old old ancient civilizations
with like before the genocides oh my god
look how fat this guy is it's a llama
wearing a backpack is he eating I mean
bro look at him he's been eating for
like years now look at you bro sign up
for the camera bro okay it can go
anywhere on this map look how beautiful
this is bro I don't even know where the
hell I'm going and I'm going why is this
place so pretty y you know what I love
even more the fact that this video is
sponsored by genin impact genin impact
is an open world action RPG game
available on Android iOS PS4 PS5 and
it'll be finally coming out on Xbox on
November 20th and it will be available
for everybody oh my God I us over the
bridge that's a whole giraffe down here
I'm going land on his head this the
biggest giraffe I've ever seen I'm on
him why is this face plot where do this
lead to oh wait like a hidden cave oh
okay never mind it's a random hole not a
guys guys guys guys guys guys guys come
here I'm a bird guys what wait how'd you
do that I'm going to fly how the hell
are you guys both star to into the birds
is this thing that made you into a bird
oh my God look at the jump on you I can
walk CL can we all be birds in the boss
fight oh my God I found my wife oh this
is yours oh my God I have a child by the
way I think this is one of the new
characters you can unlock in the 5.0
update look at her I I don't know where
she is okay but she has like a water
balloon
attack it's such a stupid attack why did
up for no reason but then also heavy
attack she has a shark look at this I
get to even ride a freaking shark and go
so freaking fast ooh look at this place
this place is pretty pretty itself
pretty pretty like you wait I found a
baby and its mom let's kill the baby and
the mom I'm going to kill the Mom first
so the baby can be traed so I can kill
the baby afterwards oh I became the mom
oh I dug on the ground oh my God I'm
going to kill my own baby bro we took
control of their bodies and we killed
their newborn ancient civilizations with
like before the genocide let's explore
how do we get up from here can I wall
climb I can wait what this thing's
awesome you can wait this is actually
sick should sha even bigger dude I'm
running up a wall too the bird's awesome
e a human kill it I'm already low out
leave me alone how are you low on health
what the hell did you do jump off
mountains okay all right I think the
boss is here oh my God it's a dragon
teammates I'm almost dead teammates I'm
almost dead this is not a very effective
tool of killing we're just going to use
our regular people instead why are you
guys done animals anymore this is all
ruining my experience oh my God he just
blew up he just turned into a golden
dragon how do he fight this when he's
flying w oh my attack do nothing it just
vaporizes my attacks I can't hit him up
there oh okay wait he's good oh Ki him
he's down kill
him and we got him well that was a new
area so now it is time to go to the rest
of the map and kill all the other bosses
but before we do that why would you rate
that boss out of 10 that was like a two
bro that was like a three yo dude he
shot like laser beam and his golden form
I'll give him like a seven because he's
like unhitable but on to the next boss
where you going we're going to find the
boss all there's no one here you
flipping idiot why did jiggle fish so
good in this game they knew what to put
their money into holy crap a wolf he's
immune to my character yo you're ice and
you're fighting ice bro are you stupid
do you do nothing bro I'm just going to
hit him with my normal attack why is he
after me oh my God why just died CU I
need a revive how do we revive you I
think he just respawned okay N I died n
you have to cook come back come back I
think this is the perfect time to switch
my character hurry God why are you
complain so much guys
please all right guys in in second stage
don't worry we're in oh my God holy [__]
is he whiter why am I dying of the
stupid ice maybe cuz ice is cold dum dum
then why do I stand not on Ice yes okay
holy crap did 1,000 damage that was me
no run run run run run I don't know what
he's doing he's shaking the fleas off of
himself we got him down to like a
quarter he's almost done yeah because of
me oh my God I got to run run run run
run run run ow owow owow what is
happening how do I do
this I just died I'm just going to
distract him that way just do the damage
he SM me with the tail you're not
distracting him I'm trying I'm trying
plus I need you plus I need you I'm
climbing my mountain right now I'm a
little busing that way help I'm running
I'm into Battlefield wait he's literally
one shot you guys got this cuz I
don't yes we killed the stupid wall you
mean I did I deserve Wing Stop after
that this guy all he thinks about is one
thing Jesus Christ what would you guys
rate the difficulty of this boss that
was like a eight like a nine almost yeah
I don't I don't really like that one
next boss uh I ordered Wing Stop and
it's almost here so I'm going have to
lock in while eating Wing stuff I hope
you don't you're like our only damage
and I'm hungry so okay my bad okay I'll
to the third one uh do we not have this
boss unlocked do I not have it unlocked
I don't think you have it unlocked why
you filling me
up we kind of cheated a little bit it's
not a big deal I wonder where we got
these accounts from not like we asked
our followers for account that would be
absurd oh he's level 70 dude this going
to be smoking easy look at this yo yo I
damage I put the level too low you got
him no no no no we're going to fight him
one more time dude we one shot him we're
going to have to redo this boss fight
because I put this level way too low
damn wait your character is bad yeah
right I he's above age bro don't worry
let's try this again he's a little bit
higher leveled he's around the level of
us this time I'm alting I'm alting yo I
pulled a sword out of my boob that's
what I'm talking about where did he go
oh he's just waiting for us to fight him
back just hit him with everything you
got oh he killed me wow you suck bro
we're not even at the third phase heal
me too B I can't I don't have a heal you
are a Healer ow I di one hit it's
literally all up to me isn't it I got
this okay wait I'm dying I know know
what I'm doing you know what I'm just
going to die kill me thank you okay I
want to pick a better team I have an
idea of what I need to do we need damage
and I have a character that can produce
damage I'm going to pick a Healer oh my
God I literally have na way little [__]
baby na way okay you did not just call
me [__] yo Baza you look nice you're
saying that because it looks like you
okay and I can't love myself instead of
loving yourself why don't you love the
adventures on the content tie back and
take advantage of genin's latest patch
and update with new characters you can
get these characters a free character
and free pulls with patch 5.0 and to top
it off the latest update allows you to
play the new naton archon quest with a
brand new storyline once you completed
the Aron Quest okay level 80 we're going
to try it again oh I think I'm the
damage now holy crap oh okay I got him
okay now it's the last F holy crap I
have no HP no I'm about to die wait I'm
going to use my ultimate oh I got a cut
scene oh I healed you're welcome I
healed myself I think a what the he just
took out half my health wait I think I
can finish him I'm going to Al right
here yeah
yeah I killed him let's go yo this go is
op as fart dude that's what I'm saying
dude my character is pretty busted shut
up I'm not saying you okay I'm sorry
okay so that was the third boss okay
what are we rting that that was like a
two bro that was easy that was nothing
are you ready to fight the fourth boss
okay we're going to go
to where the fart did you guys go blaza
it's not this complicated are you guys
in another
Lobby no blaza at the bottom right and
Lily says two player holy [__] you're
old mother continent I'm
sorry wait this is the baddies plays
it's not one girl I was playing guys the
purple girl you said was bad as fart oh
dude I can't wait to beat her look how
excited I am oh I'm growing wings I'm
growing wings
a sorry I just get really excited
sometimes all right you guys ready to
fight the next B I'm going to just put
it to level 90 cuz I think we're too
strong at this point yo she is bad wait
she actually looks like my parent right
now dude look at my character look at my
character look at her yeah that's my
mommy I'm going to beat my mommy is's
already a quarter down we just started
maybe we are a little too strong oh wait
I'm freezing right now we need fire we
need fire oh my God wait I'm getting hit
by a tornado where is oh destroy the
crystals where where where in the
corners in the corners in the corners
Piat that [__] up I'm so I died what are
you stupid healer I don't know wait
she's actually really low I'm going to
die I'm going to die I'm going to die I
got it bl's back holy smoke she's
changed whole new phase holy
smokes okay wa where did she go she's
right there bro how do I miss a woman
this big oh my God she's right behind me
why is she so fast oh is she the tornado
yo I'm about to die I thought this is
easy this is not easy I'm dead it's all
up to you I do no damage okay you know
what screw this character I'm going to
try a new character I'm going to cry I'm
going to pick a water and a fire
character and I think that works because
when she turns into ice lady fire when
she turns into fire lady ice look at me
bro let's try this again I'm feeling my
little stick around I'm doing some crazy
damage look at me I'm do even crazier
damage he ice out of fire since your
electricity down water we do extra
damage together perfect couple we should
kiss okay nice oh yeah we did that so
fast al man I don't know what my ALT did
but it did something it looks quite
useful actually wait I'm doing so much
damage dude all I'm saying is I changed
my character and we started doing good
I'm just saying no it's me and
Blas this is too easy peasy lemon
squeezy bro okay that one was not easy
bro we almost died multiple times during
that boss fight maybe a little harder
than the other one n maybe it's a we bit
harder than the other one just a little
bit give that one like a difficulty of
like five out of 10 I like a six I'm
going to say five the last boss is
arguably the hardest boss I think in the
game what I did very minimal Research
into this and I have no clue what this
boss is going to be perfect oh doors yo
yo um yeah so it's a little more
difficult like I said it is the last
boss we're not going to kill this person
no we got this just a flying torso he
has like a ball under him how do I dodge
that I'm dead guys oh I did 20,000
damage how did you do that I'm just
hitting his body wait what these Crystal
things do oh wait it shut them
down are you good oh my God come here
Ser come here come here come here come
here I don't know want to come where I
got you T how did you survive that cuz I
healed him keep attacking ow ow ow ow
he's literally a quarter CU I'm me blaza
yes he killed him let's go there's
another there's another oh my God he
just lags now I'm out of here oh my God
I literally don't know what's going on
oh my God can these guys stop
teleporting yo we have to deete Shi do
you think I know what that means we got
it we got it we got it go go go go why
you just open 17 portals excuse me what
is he doing I going to we're dead look
up no we're fine it's only a world
destroying ball of BL that's not a big
deal guys uhoh everything froze yeah we
are so
dead okay I died guys this is literally
all of you I'm trying to grab these ow
oh my God oh my God I just died I'm good
I'm good I'm good watch this watch this
wait how did you just do like a quarter
of his health because I'm the B oh you
get just two pealing that's cheating oh
my God you did it healer CL [__] up okay
for a Healer you do a lot of damage I'm
not going to
lie thank you again for genin impact for
sponsoring this video make sure to go
ahead and use the link in the
description down below to download genin
impact right now and remember on
November 20th genin impact will come out
on Xbox go download it download it now
prepare yourselves get it for free wait
let me take a photo of you guys I took a
photo I didn't give you content